Update :autofill documentation (#43027)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/selectors/_colon_autofill/index.md

When the user uses the browser's autocompletion feature to autofill a form control, all the form controls that can be autofilled based on the selection get populated. These will all match the `:autofill` UI state. If the user edits a control, that control will no longer match `:autofill`, even if the value is the same as the autofilled value.

The specification includes the vendor-prefixed `:-webkit-autofill` pseudo-class as an alias, also matching input elements which have been autofilled by user agent and no longer matching if the user edits the autofilled field, whether the field was filled based on the `autocomplete` attribute or even without that attribute being involved.

Note that the user agent style sheets of many browsers use `!important` in their style declarations, making some styles non-overridable. For example, Chrome has the following in its internal stylesheet:

> ```css

Author: ```suggestion
```css no-lint
```

{{InteractiveExample("CSS Demo: :autofill", "tabbed-shorter")}}

```css interactive-example
input {
  border: 3px solid black;
}
input:autofill {
  outline: 5px solid magenta;

>   border: 3px dashed yellow;

Author: the border is black solid, so just changing that.

}
```

```html interactive-example
<form>
  <p>Click on the text box and choose any option suggested by your browser.</p>
  <p>
    <label for="name">Name</label>
    <input id="name" name="n" type="text" autocomplete="given-name" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="email">Email Address</label>
    <input id="email" name="e" type="email" autocomplete="email" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="country">Country</label>

>     <input id="country" name="c" type="text" autocomplete="country-name" />

Author: ```suggestion
    <input id="name" name="name" type="text" autocomplete="given-name" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="email">Email Address</label>
    <input id="email" name="email" type="email" autocomplete="email" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="country">Country</label>
    <input id="country" name="country" type="text" autocomplete="country-name" />
```

  </p>
</form>
```

## Description

> The `:auto-fill` pseudo-class selects the {{htmlelement("input")}} element containing un-edited content that was auto-filled by the user-agent. Autocompletion may occur when the browser setting are set to enable autocompletion or the [`autocomplete` attribute](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes/autocomplete) is set on the element itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `:auto-fill` pseudo-class selects {{htmlelement("input")}} elements containing un-edited content that was auto-filled by the user-agent. Autocompletion may occur when browser settings are set to enable autocompletion or the [`autocomplete` attribute](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes/autocomplete) is set on the element itself.
```

When the user uses the browser's autocompletion feature to autofill a form control, all the form controls that can be autofilled based on the selection get populated. These will all match the `:autofill` UI state. If the user edits a control, that control will no longer match `:autofill`, even if the value is the same as the autofilled value.

> The specification includes the vendor-prefixed `:-webkit-autofill` pseudo-class as an alias, also matching input elements which have been autofilled by user agent and no longer matching if the user edits the autofilled field, whether the field was filled based on the `autocomplete` attribute or even without that attribute being involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specification includes the vendor-prefixed `:-webkit-autofill` pseudo-class as an alias. This also matches input elements autofilled by the user agent, and no longer matches if the user edits the autofilled field.
```

I didn't think the last bit of text was necessary; you basically already explained the circumstances in which :autofill matches and stops matching in the first couple of paragraphs in the description.

## Examples

The following example demonstrates the use of the `:autofill` pseudo-class to change the border of a text field that has been autocompleted by the browser.

### HTML

We include three HTML `<input>` elements, each with an associated {{htmlelement("label")}}. The `name` and `email` will likely autocomplete and match `:autofill`, while the `pet` value is unlikely to.

```html
<form method="post" action="">
  <p>
    <label for="name">Name: </label>
    <input name="n" id="name" autocomplete="given-name" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="email">Email: </label>
    <input type="email" name="email" id="email" autocomplete="email" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <label for="pet">Your pet's name: </label>
    <input name="pet" id="pet" />
  </p>
</form>
```

### CSS

We apply a {{cssxref("border-radius")}}, {{cssxref("outline")}}, and {{cssxref("border-color")}} to the `<input>` elements when they match the `:autofill` state.

```css
input {
  border-radius: 0px;
}

input:autofill {
  border-radius: 0.5lh;
  outline: 5px dotted magenta;

>   border-color: yellow;

Author: just to change a feature. it goes from black to yellow

}
```

```css hidden
@supports not selector(:autofill) {
  body::before {
    content: "Your browser doesn't support the :autofill selector.";
    background-color: wheat;
    display: block;
    width: 100%;
    text-align: center;
    padding: 5px;
  }
}
```

> ### Results

Reviewer: OK, so this example doesn't work in Firefox (I don't see the autofill styles when I autofill the email field). It does work in Chrome, however.
